Hello everyone!
If you watched our previous episode,
you probably already know how to load your gun and who to shoot at.
However, we want you to strive for even greater skills.
So, we decided to make a series of videos telling you
about gameplay in more detail.
Today’s topic is armour penetration.
So, you see an enemy vehicle in your gunsight.
You need to decide where to shoot.
To do so, you need to consider the type
and armour penetration of your shell,
as well as the thickness and angle of the enemy vehicle’s armour.
You don’t need to memorise these parameters for every vehicle model;
the dynamic system of highlighting the spots
that are hard to penetrate will help you in the battle.
It’s quite simple.
If armour is highlighted in red,
you won’t be able to penetrate it,
even if you aim at small vulnerable details.
Most vehicles are better protected at the front.
The turret is usually armoured better than the hull,
so you need to get to the enemy vehicle's side or rear.
It’s easier to hit a moving target using Auto Aim,
which sticks to the spot you’ve aimed at.
If you prefer to adjust your aim manually,
you can just turn off Auto Aim in the Settings menu.
There are four types of shells: Armor-Piercing,
High-Explosive Anti-Tank,
Armor-Piercing Composite Rigid, and High Explosive.
Armor-piercing shells usually have average
armour penetration and damage values.
High-Explosive Anti-Tank
and Armor-Piercing Composite Rigid shells
cause the same amount of damage
but they penetrate armour much better.
High-Explosive shells cause the highest damage,
but their armour penetration is low,
so they often explode outside the vehicle,
causing only a fraction of their potential damage.
Let's have a closer look at a shot.
When a shell hits an enemy vehicle, calculations begin.
If the armour penetration value is higher
than the thickness of armour a shell needs to go
through at a certain angle,
then penetration occurs, a vehicle receives damage,
and the shell flies inside the hull,
where it can also damage vehicle modules.
If the armour is too thick, there will be no penetration.
Armor-Piercing, High-Explosive Anti-Tank,
and Armor-Piercing Composite Rigid shells just disappear in this case.
High-Explosive shells explode on the armour
and still have a chance to cause damage to the vehicle and its modules,
though the damage will be lower.
Sometimes, a shell can hit the armour at a very flat angle.
In this case, it will ricochet
and may hit another part of the same vehicle
and armour penetration will be calculated once again in the ordinary way.
After the second ricochet, a shell disappears.
A shell can’t ricochet and hit another vehicle,
nor can a shell go through the several vehicles at once.
High-Explosive shells don’t ricochet at all.
This is all for now.
We will tell you about other interesting
and important gameplay features in future episodes.
Leave your feedback
and comments in the game forum. See you soon!